multirocks related config update (#13587)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.1.0.md

| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| TiDB | [`force-init-stats`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#force-init-stats-new-in-v710) | Newly added | Controls whether to wait for statistics initialization to finish before providing services during TiDB startup. |
| TiDB | [`lite-init-stats`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#lite-init-stats-new-in-v710) | Newly added | Controls whether to use lightweight statistics initialization during TiDB startup. |

> | TiKV | [`split.byte-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#byte-threshold-new-in-v50) | Modified | Changes the default value from `30MiB` to `100MiB` when [`region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) is greater than or equal to 4GB. |
> | TiKV | [`split.qps-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#qps-threshold) | Modified | Changes the default value from `3000` to `7000` when [`region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) is greater than or equal to 4GB. |
> | TiKV | [`split.region-cpu-overload-threshold-ratio`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-cpu-overload-threshold-ratio-new-in-v620) | Modified | Changes the default value from `0.25` to `0.75` when [`region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) is greater than or equal to 4GB. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiKV | [`split.byte-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#byte-threshold-new-in-v50) | Modified | Change the default value from `30MiB` to `100MiB` when [`region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) is greater than or equal to 4 GB. |
| TiKV | [`split.qps-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#qps-threshold) | Modified | Change the default value from `3000` to `7000` when [`region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) is greater than or equal to 4 GB. |
| TiKV | [`split.region-cpu-overload-threshold-ratio`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-cpu-overload-threshold-ratio-new-in-v620) | Modified | Change the default value from `0.25` to `0.75` when [`region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) is greater than or equal to 4 GB. |
```
